>> Kyle Simpson: We're gonna finish
by giving you some time to work on
exercise 8.
Exercise 8, I want you to definitely
read the readme in it, but
in exercise 8, the spirit of what you're
doing, let's open up that readme here.
>> Kyle Simpson: The spirit of
what you're doing is to take out
all of that module design that
you did on app and UI and
instead make these into objects that
can all virtually compose together.
So we're gonna actually have
four different objects.
We're gonna have app, UI, helpers,
and the instance of our application.
We're gonna have all four of those and
they're going to virtually
delegate together.
And that means that we don't have any
like, calls where we have to in the app
say UI dot, we're just gonna be able
to say, this dot and call a method.
And it will delegate to
the right context if we need it.
Definitely, strongly recommend that
you at some point spend some more time
working on this.
Because it's one of the bigger, I think,
one of the bigger payoffs
from the workshop is to
fully understand now what delegation
gives us that even modules don't give us.